Update contributing.md Linux section with example install commands (#2467)
grafana/agent: docs/developer/contributing.md

### Compile on Linux
Compiling Grafana Agent on Linux requires a couple of extra dependencies:

> * [systemd headers](https://packages.debian.org/sid/libsystemd-dev) for Promtail
>    * Can be installed on Debian-based distros with: ```sudo apt-get install libsystemd-dev```
> * [bcc tools](https://packages.debian.org/sid/libbpfcc-dev) for the eBPF integration on AMD64 systems
>    * Can be installed on Debian-based distros with: ```sudo apt-get install libbpfcc-dev```

Reviewer: Can we spell out distros in full here? 

```suggestion
* [systemd headers](https://packages.debian.org/sid/libsystemd-dev) for Promtail
   * Can be installed on Debian-based distributions with: ```sudo apt-get install libsystemd-dev```
* [bcc tools](https://packages.debian.org/sid/libbpfcc-dev) for the eBPF integration on AMD64 systems
   * Can be installed on Debian-based distributions with: ```sudo apt-get install libbpfcc-dev```
```
